[feat] Thicken principle-tdd and principle-clean-code to peer depth (#270)
lugassawan/swe-workbench: skills/principle-clean-code/triggers.txt

should I extract a shared helper or keep these two similar functions separate to avoid premature abstraction
what is the right level of abstraction for this naming and function design
how do I balance DRY with YAGNI when refactoring this module
my function takes five parameters should I reduce the argument count using a parameter object following clean code principles

> can I improve this code while I'm already in the file under the Boy Scout Rule scope-bounded to the current diff

Author: **Low** — The phrase "scope-bounded to the current diff" echoes the internal section heading verbatim. Trigger prompts that mirror internal headings can produce false positives with substring-based matchers. Rephrasing as a natural user question would be safer:

```suggestion
is it okay to clean up related code while I'm already editing this file
```

Author: Addressed in f9235f674cbbc1e1913b869de501fe088df140e5: replaced with "should I apply the Boy Scout Rule and leave this code slightly better while I'm already making changes here" — natural language, no verbatim heading echo.
